lThere are no meaningful changes to the room. This is not the normally used smots footage, however, it does a short climb jump off the little ledge when entering the room to the right, and skips the second spring by dashing upwards instead of left and lands on the 4th spring from the 3rd spring.
lThe modern, more commonly used footage of smots-8. The original.
lStill nothing changed. Madeline dashed into the block instead of holding it, and at the last part she neutral jumped on the second last block so it didn't fall.
lThe same normal smots-8 footage except the dash into the third spring twice, and after the two up dashes at the end, she does an upright to get to smots-9.
lCompletely normal smots-8 footage, except instead of hitting the first spring it dashes upwards and does a spiked corner jump off of the top left of the first floating moonblock after the spring it missed, grabbing onto the 2nd spring's platform and climbing up and continuing as normal.
lIn this episode it enters smots-8 and does a downleft dash, right dash, up dash, then a down or a downleft it is hard to tell. The room continues as normal until the end when instead of doing the second updash to go to smots-9 it stays on the block and goes under the spinners to smots-9.
lNormal smots-8 footage, except at the end where they perform a reverse hyper into a demodash to go through the spinners at the end, instead of the normal 2 updashes.
lUpon entering smots-8 it does a reverse wavedash into a right dash which was meant to be a coost but failed. It does a reverse hyper instead of a normal hyper to get to the first spring, and then do a downleft onto the first spring. At the end it struggles to climb the first falling block and when it gets to the top of the second it does an upright above the spinners to smots-9.
lThis episode is normal smots gaming footage except the 3rd spring was hit twice, a right dash instead of upright through the spinners, and it ran out of stamina while climbing the last two blocks and dashed upright into smots-9 instead of updashes.
lNormal smots-8 footage, except at the end where they grab onto the falling block and perform a climb jump after the block has fallen, going under the spinners with a right dash at the end.
lIn this episode it enters smots-8 and does a left dash at the beginning. The room continues as normal until it does a big climbjump to skip doing the first updash on the smaller falling platform and just does the second updash, which is now the only updash, on the bigger block and makes it to smots-9.
lThis episode is the first to feature a major change to smots-8. Upon entering the room there is the "sandwich" lava that starts in hot mode and only the ceiling part of the lava can be see due to it being pushed far downwards. The lava starts rising up but it turns out everytime it dashes, the lava changes mode from hot to cold and starts going downwards and vice versa. This causes the need for stalling and some strat changes to stay above or below the lava.
lNormal gameplay, until after they hit the last spring where they demo through the second to last wall of spinners.








lThis is completely normal smots-8 footage except there is no freeze frames at all, and at the end it dashs up right to land on the falling platforms instead of climbing them and then when it reaches the top it performs the signature two updashes.
lIt's normal smots-8 footage except at 12 seconds a single snowball flies across the screen.

ualso no explaination, submit one urselfd







lSmots-8 but there are badeline bosses throughout the room that push madeline back when hit, this allows for skips or setbacks/time losses throughout the room.

uno explainatiaijdisahdashdsa






















l















lIt's a normal playthrough of smots-5
lThis is smots gaming's official apology for posting the wrong room the episode before (smots-5).


lThis episode is a bunch of minecraft survival gameplay, except many of the blocks have been retextured to frames of smots-8.




















lIt's a playthrough of the game "Spelunky", but the player is smots-8.
lThis episode is a jigsaw puzzle of 16 pieces that form one of the first frames of smots-8. Then footage of smots-8 starts playing in the full picture formed by the pieces.



















lIt's a playthrough of hollow knight except the knight is replaced with a looping video of smots-8 <:smotsgaming:1326331682156056638>






lThis episode is a game of Balatro, except the very first joker it gets is a smots gaming joker that is just a smots-8 gif, which triggers every card played, saying smots gaming, except it does absolutely nothing and is just there.






















l








lThis episode is normal smots-8 but every single action is narrated by tiktok tts. For example: they right dash and it says "right dash" same with up demo, climb jump, extended hyper, etc. It then ends with a tiktok watermark ending except it doesnt say anything for the name.













lSmots-8 footage is now a desmos recreation with the circles being the spinners,  brown rectangles are springs, dark blue rectangles are spikes, black rectangles are moon blocks, and the color changing rectangle is Madeline hitbox with the corresponding hair color depending on how many dashes left.
u


lIt's normal smots gaming footage except the colors are inverted, it's flipped horizontally and vertically, and it's playing backwards.






lOops! Lyra accidentally uploaded the Daily Dose of Celeste video for that day where parrot_dash dies in smots-9 after showing all of smots-8 instead of showing the smots gaming video for that day!<br>The clips shown in the ddoc video were:<br>-Parrot getting through the middle of smots-7, through the entirety of smots-8, and dying in smots-9 to a delayed jump whilst trying to wavedash, causing her to not get any speed, and fall to her death.<br>-A submission from BUGFlower413 about thier new and upcoming map: Demoness!DAMARA MEGIDO<br>-eg_vr's submission of their joke map, 5c with 56 Seekers<br>-That is all. Thanks for watching!














lIn this episode it makes a tierlist of all the smots rooms. This is the result:<br>Tier S: smots-8<br>Tier A: smots-2, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9-15<br>Tier B: smots-16-29<br>Tier C: Every room from the 2.5k section of smots<br>Tier D: smots-5
lIn this episode, it shows that one video with the original caption, "97 year old NYC diner still serves their Coke the old-fashioned way." but Coke is replaced with smots, and the thing they are using to make the Coke is covered with a smots-8 room video.



lIt's normal footage of smots-8 except the audio keeps shifting from your left ear to your right ear at various speeds every time it hits a spring.
lThis episode starts with a light blue screen, the song playing in the background is "sneaky snitch" by Kevin MacLeod, with text on screen saying "top 10 smots" it then goes down the line of top 10 smots and each time it says "number #" the text is always doing something different, for number 2 it wasnt even there. Each clip it shows for top 10 smots is the exact same, the ending of smots-7, the normal footage of smots-8, and ending in smots-9. The last clip ends with "Thanks for watching" and ends.
lThis episodes starts with a normal clear of smots-8, though there is a wallbounce done after the first spring, which isn't typical. Near the end of the clear, the video fades into an IRL video of a computer screen, with smots-8 being currently played. It slowly zooms out. Youtuber GD Colon's plushie is seen to the right of the screen, and a second monitor is seen to the left, with wallpaper from the game Rhythm Doctor. As the video finished zooming out, The same Youtuber is holding a controller, and finishes beating smots-8. He then turns around and says "Hi, it's me, smots gaming. You might know me from my second channel, GD Colon. I just wanted to thank you so much for enjoying my smots gaming content, and I can guarantee you we've got lots more hilarious smots on the way."





































lThe secret 26th golden in the 2024 golden advent calendar is the critically acclaimed room smots-8.
lThis episode starts off with the role information screen of a game of Among Us. Like a normal Among Us game, the players spawn in and begin walking off to do their tasks. The player character is named pink, and all the other players are also named colours corresponding to their player colour. After walking to medbay and opening a task menu, an emergency meeting is called. All players say "smots gaming" in chat except for red, who says "what are you talking about?". All other players immediately vote red off, causing them to be ejected. However, they are ejected into footage of smots-8, instead of the normal space background.
lThe time slows down as Madeline charge up her speed, and she finished the room in less than 1 second, seemingly a refernce to The Flash.
lI wanna Atone the Flower room 13 in smots-8 style. On attempt 247 Madeline beats the room and get teleported to smots-9. This is also how many times a player named issy or mystral fox got to the last jump before beating the room.
lInstead of the room, there is a desert seeker from the map 5b funny version by ninz, carrying Madeline and tell her fun facts. Here are all the fun facts the desert seeker said: "smots-8's room dimensions are 200x23", "There are 8 springs in smots-8. Coincidence?", "The desert seeker is from 5b funny version by ninz", "The "rightstrong" wind in the room option is different from the "rightstrong" wind trigger.", "There are 240 foreground tiles in smots-8", "smots gaming is run by [the video is cut off]",
lThe user opens Firefox and googles "how to pronounce smots". when pronounce is clicked, it plays the wind from smots-8, but when played slow it plays the full smots-8 audio
lThis episode is an IRL video, There are baked christmas cookies with all kinds of different frosting designs and shapes. (while some of them are hard to see, the ones we were able to recognize will be listed here in order of apparition: a red candy cane, a white butterfly, a white character with a brown mustache, blue eyes and a yellow crown, an unfrosted candy cane, a yellow and orange bell, an unfrosted arrow tip, a white gingerbread man, two ice cream cones, a blue dino, a blue snowflake, a blue kite, a blue gingerbread man, a mountain? (maybe celeste mountain?), 3 blue butterflies, an orange butterfly, another gingerbread character (this one kinda reminds me of freddy), a giant faceless ginerbread person, a green butterfly and one last blue and red guy. There are also a lot of stars, trees, boots and flowers that I didn't want to name because there are way too many of them) On the last rack there is a smots-8 star-shaped cookie and a flamingo cookie, as the camera pans past all the cookies, and Undertale's "Uwa, so holiday!" plays. It suddenly reverses and slowly zooms into the smots cookie, then switches to the flamingo cookie. The video then transitions into a slide showing pictures of flamingos with the text saying "Happy international flamingo day!", while [a variation of the same song](https://youtu.be/HBfUVatdNJ8?si=NtbjFcVv-aaxLmzq) plays. At the last second of the video, a wind sound effect plays, reminding us that this is a smots gaming video.
lIn the middle of smots-8 the Batman intro (1966) plays, except the name bat man is replaced with smots gaming, Madeline west instead of Adam west, Final Goodbye instead of Robin's actor, the executive producer is Parrot Dash, it also stars "Wind Springs Hamilton" and Maddy Thorson EXOK Games. In the background, it plays smots-8 footage while the foreground is the batman intro.
lThis episode starts off normal, but near the middle of the screen, an audio clip from the song "Ruthlessness" from the concept album "EPIC: The Musical" plays. The character from the show, Odysseus, says "All I gotta do is open this bag" which is the line he says when opening a bag of wind he got from the wind god Aeolus, in order to escape from the angry god Poseidon by blowing his ship far away. In the regular song, after Odysseus says his line, Poseidon is meant to reply "WHAT?!" but instead, a text box appears and Madeline says it. Then, the level's wind reverses directions and speeds up significantly, blowing Madeline far to the left, where there is an extra screen not normally in smots, a giant open area that madeline flies through at high speeds.
llt's the game A Hat In Time by Gears for Breakfast, here the player is glitching through the wall in the starting area by standing on top of the rail and using the "Boop!" emote in midair where Hat Kid is sligtly infront of the rail. This will cause him to glitch into the wall a bit and if you do a wall kick you can get inside the walls. The void outside is changed to be smots-8 footage while they walked around out of bounds and eventually stopped and danced until the footage ended.
lIn this episode it is normal smots-8 footage but when it gets to the left dash to hit the second spring after bouncing on the third spring, it zooms closer to the second spring 3 times, playing the DUN DUN DUNNNNN sound effect. The room continues as normal until the end when it does an upright to skip climbing the platforms, when it lands on top of the platforms it does the signature two updashes and makes it to smots-9.
lThis episode starts in the 9d room CU-3, or Curiosity 3. This is the main spot where Parrot_Dash who has 1400+ hours in 9d due to grinding 9dp, does a "cuggle" or camera smuggle. In this episode it does a cuggle here, but when going down to the room where it could get extra keys due to the camera being "smuggled" and staying at the top, it actually enters a 90 degree rotated smots-8 and falls down to smots-7 while the camera stays at the top until it reaches smots-7.
lIt starts off with normal smots-8 footage until cutting off in the middle to feature the scene from Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope when they are gonna blow up Alderaan with the Death Star, except Alderaan is smots-8 and the footage is destroyed before finishing. its a good episode



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































